Troubleshooting Techniques
How to Troubleshoot – CompTIA A+ 220-902 – 5.5

Notes:
 CompTIA troubleshooting method Process:
    1. Identify the problem.: Understand, and possibly duplicate the problem, and document details. If multiple problems, identify and do trouble shooting process individually
    2. Establish a theory: Theorize the resolution and test out, starting with the easiest.
    3. Test theory; if it doesn't work go back and test next. 
    4. Build a plan: Develop a solution in as unintrusive a manner as possible and as efficiently as possible. Have back up plans.
    5. Implement plan: Execute the fix, escalate if necessary
    6. Verify the problem is solved; have customer confirm it is fixed.
    7. Document findings: It is important to establish a database to keep this documentation to  savwe standard operating procedure.
    
   Vocab:
    Troubleshooting: looking for faults in a system and then correcting them through a structured process.
    
   Importance: The second half of this week seems to focus on providing support to end users, like how yesterday we helped "Bob". This article helped provide a clear outline of whta process to follow to best assist customers
   
   Lecture notes: 
    Root Cause Analysis (RCA): Find out what the root problem is
    Continuous improvement (kaizen): Always working to imoprove processes
    Problem documentation: Its important to document problems to refer back to.
    
   ITIL Problem management: 
      Proactive Problem Identification: Ex: You notice an issue in a system and address it immediately to get ahead of the problem before it affects other users.
      Categorize problems and then prioritize. 
      Problem Diagnosis and Resolution.
      Problem and error control - montitor "outsdanding problems". Ticket in queue for too long? Increase priority
      Problem closure and evaluatuion
      Problem review: Review the problem and document
      Problem management reporting: inform other processes (ex: Helpdesk deals with this file, should inform that this issue occurred and was resolved in "x" way
      
    ITIL Continuous Service Improvement
      Service Review: (Review on regular basis)
      Process Evaluation: Audit a process or user's use of a procedure, benchmarking
      Definition os CSI Initivates (Projects)
      
    Disk management: 
    
    
    
    Demo: 
    
    diskpart cmd opens diskpart in command line. Next line should say DISKPART>
    
    
    
    
      
